---
title: Beautiful me.
description: >-
  What's the dilemma? 
date: 2024-07-13 21:00:00 +0800
categories: [Thoughts]
tags: [Life]
pin: true
media_subpath: '/posts/20180809'
---

Beautiful me, what's the dilemma? Why does the world feel small, and why do you feel detached from it? Why does everything seem to be a lie? Your thoughts, principles and ideologies, why do they seem to be wrong? Beautiful me, do you not like yourself anymore? Do you not like the words you spoke or the times you've refused to soften? Beautiful me, why are you so scared to be responsible? Why are you scared to be vulnerable? How did you lose yourself? Can you go back in time and I search amongst dark and deep woods and bring yourself home? Beautiful me, I got you. 

--

I've been told to never ask for help. Asking for help is for the weak- "as long as God has given you two hands, two legs, all limbs and organs working perfectly fine, you have enough resources to figure things out!", and that is exactly how I have lived my life. Is being hyper independent a bad thing? When people extend help out of affection, why does it make me feel guilty and immediately want to owe them something? For so long, self-reliance was my badge of honour. Asking for help felt like surrender. Why am I unable to tolerate affection and if not given, why am I craving for it? 

This brings me to the next point. Why do I care less about the people in my life? Why do I not appreciate friendships? Am I a lone wolf in peace? The times I've told people "I'm there for you" and end up leaving their life because I've found something better, does that make me humane or am I really selfish? Why do I always put myself above others, and why hasn't it ever felt wrong? Have relationships wronged me to the extent I do not care about it at all? However, it is bizzare I still know which is the favourite car of my Grade 5 best friend- it is Volkswagen Polo in blue. Would it matter if I sent him a DM on instagram and ask him if he still likes Polo? Would he remember me as his best friend, or would he remember me as the girl who found a new best friend and left him astray? What would people remember me as? 

Probably as the girl who wore hearing aids? The girl who forged her mother's signature? The girl who had the most handsome boyfriends growing up? The girl who slapped a boy in front of people? I'm embarrassed. How amazing it would be- if I'm remembered to be the girl who showed up, who was kind and who wore her heart on her sleeve. The girl who walked confidently, saw people in their eyes and spoke with honestly. The girl who had a beautiful childhood to not let demons consume her. A girl who was pure, beautiful and only light. A girl who was secure and full of love. A girl I definitely wish to become for the next set of people I will meet in life. 

How am I going to approach my future? Do I want to carry the same ideas forward? Is it a life worth living? Doesn't it have to be beautiful, moreover when it is in my control? Can't a few decisions, acceptance and willingness to rewire myself make things better for me? There is beauty in embracing imperfections, but grace in trying to work on them. Principles can evolve, paths can shift, and that's okay. Nothing is set in stone. I want to live and lead a beautiful life, for myself and for people around me. I'm only excited and determined for it. 

Until next time,
Strawberry. 

[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org/
[starter]: https://github.com/cotes2020/chirpy-starter
[pages-workflow-src]: https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/configuring-a-publishing-source-for-your-github-pages-site#publishing-with-a-custom-github-actions-workflow
[latest-tag]: https://github.com/cotes2020/jekyll-theme-chirpy/tags

